Sitiveni Kaufusi
Info Studies - Int & Soc
Professor O Hara
Weekly Weblog - Web Post 5

	In the video about E-waste, it talks about illegal shipping and dumping of electronic waste in African countries, such as Ghana. First world countries, such as Italy, Germany, and Australia, are shipping and dumping illegal E-waste in Ghana and aren’t facing charges or being fined for the illegal dumps. The video then talks about how the waste has affected Ghana and its economical system as well the amount of jobs it impacted. People in Ghana use used hard drives found along computer waste to use identity theft and/or use it to frame people or use it against the previous owners of those respective E-waste. If electronics can’t be used, they would send the rest of the unneeded parts to a landfill of E-waste. This particular landfill is dug up by kids, who search for cooper and other expensive metals which could also be sold. The big downside to this is kids are burning tons of trash in search of cooper, in effect are getting sick and having headaches due to the toxic fumes from burning E-waste. This whole process of illegal dumping, to identity theft, to the spreading of illness and cancer, I believe is wrong. It is wrong for first-world countries to dump all of their E-waste in these third-world countries. Although the dumping of E-waste gives financial opportunity to those who make use of the waste, the overall health disadvantages and justice tole it puts on these people can hurt them in the long run. I think that these first world countries should keep their E-waste, and find ways to reuse it like how the people of Ghana have done with it. I feel that it would give more job opportunities, as well as save money from having it shipped to these places. In the soon future, I feel like the illegal shipping and dumping of E-waste will come back to bite these countries back in the behind when its least expected, which would end up in a big economic decline for all these countries.
	In the reading, “your job is about to get ‘taskified’”, of the LA Times, it talks about how the labor workers behind the internet are being “taskified”. In other words, instead of hiring help, big time convenient companies, such as Yelp, Uber, and Amazon, are posting their needs on the web. Then, the article talks about a situation with a labor worker who got laid off unexpectedly due to an apparent illegal issue with the process. The name of the person who the article was written on is Riyaz Khan, who is a labor worker in India who works for $40 for 10 hours. For people like Khan, who rely on this type of business, are affected heavily by such defects. I think that its unfair and is almost selfish for countries like the U.S. to have this system in the first place. It affects the low class people the most, and keeps them from advancing in life. I think that we should spend some time and money in finding a different way to operate the internet and have such things done within the countries and provide fair jobs globally instead of having it done for a small amount of money. 
