Sitiveni Kaufusi
Internet and Society
Informational Studies - O Hara

Blog Post 1: Response to Readings

The first reading, Technology and Ideology: The Case of the Telegraph, talks about how Carey uses “Mosco’s”approach to the general business and economical world helped him to create what is now know as the “telegraph”. One interesting point that was made in the reading was that the use of telegraph made it easier and more profitable to businesses and marketing. Telegraph helped to expand business’s to be sold not only nationally, but globally. Also, the introduction of the the telegraph to society helped to change the way people interact and communicate with each other when buying and selling products. The telegraph allowed the buyer to be able to see as well as pay for the product immediately before actually receiving the product physically, which allowed sellers to be able bigger profits at a shorter amount of time. Overall, the biggest takeaway from this article is that the invention of the telegraph helped to expand the global trade and increase profit due to its useful productiveness. 
	After reading Paul Dourish’s “Not the Internet, but this Internet: How Othernets Illuminate Our Fuedal Internet”, I think that the main argument taken from it is that Dourish wants the readers to understand that we must take the realities of the internet, such as its technological, or as described in the paper: “social and cultural” (P. Dourish Intro) reality of technology (known as the internet) into account. For example, in the paper, Dourish describes how a specific program know as “DECnet”, used instinctive human social needs to be able to create different aspects of the “internet”. It talks about how they use the “peer to peer” human interaction to create connectivity and networking within the system. Personally, I agree with the argument Dourish is making about paying more attention to technological growth, especially that of the interest because i think we are able to come up with a different type of danger but creating something that may be able to survive and thrive on its own, the “internet”. I think that what Dourish is trying to bring awareness to is the future possibility of creating something that may be bring different dangers. In the conclusion of the text, Dourish states, “It is critical to— recognize the materialities of representation, and their consequences” (Dourish Conclusion). I think that Douris is saying that the internet has evolved into being useful for other purposes, such as “historical, geographical, political, and social” (Dourish Conclusion) purposes, when some uses of the networks isn’t exactly for the particular purposes. He’s saying that there is so much more to the internet that we can’t grasp and don’t understand quite yet, that we can’t make assumptions about it. Like us, technology is always evolving, and we must thoroughly understand internet and its initial uses and purposes, before making assumptions of its technological capacity, etc.
	Overall, I’ve always had the internet around me all my life, and I think that internet and our society as a whole have a mutual relationship with each other, and without one or the other, especially at this point in time, wouldn’t be able to grow mentally in the case of humans, and technologically in the case of the internet, because they both depend on each other. 


Works Cited:
Dourish, Paul. October 2015. Not the Internet, but this Internet: How Othernets Illuminate Our Feudal Internet. University of California, Irvine. < https://ccle.ucla.edu/pluginfile.php/2904094/mod_resource/content/0/Not_The_Internet_but_This_Internet_How_Othernets_I.pdf >

Carey, James W. Technology and Ideology: The Case of the Telegraphy. University of California, Irvine. < https://ccle.ucla.edu/pluginfile.php/2904038/mod_resource/content/0/Carey-TechnologyandIdeology.pdf >
