Sitiveni Kaufusi
Professor O Hara
Info Studies - Int&Soc
Blog Post Week 4
	In the excerpt, “How we became posthumans” by N. Katherine Hayles, it talks about, essentially, an argument as well as the many researchers who believe that computers can have a mind of its own. In the prologue, it talks about Alan Turing’s paper about a trick he uses with computer terminals and tries to have you find out which one of the two computers are human and which one of the two is a computer. He says that the computers are able to manipulate the speech and responses of a human, but essentially, the person in the room, you, has to determine which one is which. Your job as the finder is to ask both of “it” questions and determine on their responses which one is which. I thought that this was an interesting view because according to my reading, what he’s trying to say is if you were to fail this test, it would prove his theory that computers essentially have a minds of their own, of course depending on its make and software. I thought this was interesting because it is a flawed theory. If we were to fail the test, it wouldn’t prove that computers have minds of their own, but that in fact we were wrong and weren’t able to properly depict a computer from a human response. In addition, I believe that this test would also prove that the programmer had programmed magnificently a proper computer that is able to depict a human mind, if in average it were failed. But in contradiction, it wouldn’t mean that a computer could think for itself, and therefore cannot be compared to that of a human mind. As I continued to read the prologue, I think I can say that the whole embodiment of the test is wrong and flawed because its entire purpose is made to make you fail the test. In end, it wouldn’t prove that a computer has a mind of its own, but prove that it was able to manipulate you entirely into failing the test to prove his point. 
	In the reading, “Sorting things out: classification and its consequences” it introduces the issue of segregation in South Africa, and the many inequalities and consequences African Americans faced because of their race living in South Africa in the mid 20th century. Some of the inequalities mentioned including not having the same privileges as white people, not being able to live or exist in a white community for more than 72 hours, not being able to cross-breed or “date” a noncolor person, and many more to name a few. It then went on to talk about many cases when colored African American would face jail time or huge fines for breaking such laws and barriers and the consequences there after from having serving their consequences. Later in the reading, it talks about a case where a colored women fell in love with a non colored man, and soon figured a way to reclassify her documents about “who she was in society”. It talks about how it was a life turning change for her, especially because she wasn’t allowed to come back to her colored community, in turn forcing her to face the conflict of being on both ends of the community, or in other words, an outcast. This reading, I feel, was really eye-opening as well as a sad reading as well. I couldn’t believe the hardships colored people had to face because of their race, and the amount of segregation and harsh punishments they had for having broken rules that essentially were made by white people. It was sad to see how small the light of hope was for colored people in South Africa was, and heart aching to read about cases of colored people actually trying to cause no harm or danger or issues of any sort, but end up facing the punishments of their actions because their freedom, granted, is very minuscule to begin with. 
